{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Assessment answers\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Section A\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Q1. The different features available in the Spring framework are : Dependency Injection (DI), Aspect Oriented Programming(AOP), Lightweight, Container, Pluggability, IoC, Transaction management, etc.\
\
Q2. The spring framework is used to enable the use of JavaBeans to implement business logic. Using this framework , we can test and create applications easily.\
\
Q3. The advantages of Spring framework are :\
      1. Pre defined templates,\
      2. Loose coupling.\
      3. Simple and easy to test.\
      4. Fast development.\
      5. Simple IoC.\
\
Q4. The different features available in the Spring framework are : Dependency Injection (DI), Aspect Oriented Programming(AOP), Lightweight, Container, Pluggability, IoC, Transaction management, etc.\
\
Q5. The spring framework contains almost 20 modules which are responsible for all the features. These modules are grouped into \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Core Container, Data Access/Integration, Web, AOP (Aspect Oriented Programming), Instrumentation, and Test.\
\
Q6. A spring configuration file is an XML file that stores the classes information. It tells about how these classes are configured and connected to each other.\
\
Q7. The components of Spring Application are Spring Web MVC, Spring Web, Spring Context, Spring AOP, Spring ORM, Spring Core, Spring DAO.\
\
Q8. There are different ways to define or use spring framework via configuration files. They are:\
    1. Xml-based configuration \
    2. Java-based configuration\
    3. Groovy-based configuration.\
\
Q9. The spring IoC container is known to be the core of the Spring Framework. It mainly manages the entire life-cycle of the created objects and also configures and assembles the dependencies. These containers uses dependency injection for managing purpose.\
\
Q10. Dependency injection (DI) is a fundamental concept through which the Spring container injects objects into other objects or dependencies.\
\
Q11. 1. From the new project wizard, we select Spring Initializr.\
         2. Then after naming the project, we download the latest version of Oracle Open JDK\
         3. Next select the required dependency, ex. Spring Web.\
         4. Click on Finish.\
\
Q12. To change the default server port, we have to go to the application.properties file present in the resources directory and type serverportnumber = 9090. Then save the file and re run the project.\
\
Q13. To resolve white label error page in Spring application check whether the application is running on the same port which is mentioned in the url. Else change the server port number. Also check if the correct application is being run. In extreme cases we have to disable the error page.\
\
Q14. The Spring MVC uses Spring Interceptors, Locale Resolvers and Resource Bundlers for supporting localisation and i18n.\
\
Q15. The bean factory provides basic functionality managing and manipulating beans whereas the application context provides extra functionality like access to resource, loading of multiple contexts ,etc.\
\
Section - B\
\
Q1. Option D\
Q2. Option A\
Q3. Option B\
Q4. Option A\
Q5. Option B\
Q6. Option A\
Q7. Option A\
Q8. Option A\
Q9. Option A\
Q10. Option D\
Q11. Option B\
Q12. Option D\
Q13. Option A\
Q14. Option B\
Q15. Option D\
Q16. Option D\
Q17. Option A\
Q18. Option B\
Q19. Option A\
Q20. Option A\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}